{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ## AWS Instance Billing and Stopping Behavior\
\
When it comes to AWS instances, the billing depends on the state and configuration of the instance. \
Let's explore the scenario of creating and stopping an instance to understand how it affects billing. \
\
\uc0\u55357 \u56632  When you create an instance on AWS, you are billed based on the instance type, region, and the time the instance is in a running state. \
   The billing starts as soon as the instance is launched and stops when the instance is terminated. \
\
\uc0\u55357 \u56632  However, if you create an instance and then stop it, AWS provides a feature called "Instance Stop" behavior. \
   This allows you to stop the instance without terminating it completely. When an instance is stopped, you are no longer billed for the instance \
   hours.\
\
\uc0\u55357 \u56632  But remember, you still incur charges for any associated storage, such as EBS volumes and snapshots, and static IP addresses if applicable.\
\
\
In summary:\
\
- \uc0\u9745 \u65039  Starting an instance incurs charges for running hours.\
- \uc0\u9208 \u65039  Stopping an instance pauses billing for the instance itself.\
- \uc0\u9209 \u65039  Terminating an instance stops billing altogether.\
\
Stopping an instance is a cost-saving approach as it:\
\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56580  Pauses the instance billing while preserving its configuration.\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56510  Reduces costs by not paying for idle instances.\
- \uc0\u55357 \u56579  Enables flexibility in scaling resources based on demand.\
- \uc0\u55356 \u57263  Allows optimization of expenses by paying only for active resources.\
```\
\
This ability to stop instances and suspend billing for compute resources is indeed one of the significant advantages of cloud computing. \
It offers flexibility and cost optimization by allowing you to scale your infrastructure based on demand.\
\
In summary, if you create and stop an instance on AWS, you won't be billed for the instance hours, but you will still incur charges for \
associated storage and other resources. This flexibility is a key advantage of cloud computing, as it allows businesses to dynamically allocate \
resources as required, making it a cost-effective solution.}